I've started just [ __ ] having like
it's just psychotic for dark forts
I started having like a severe panic
attack severe anxiety I was like drunk
breaking down crying having a panic
attacks were last in for like 1 hour 2
hour at a time
I still haven't bowed to drive long
distance without [ __ ] freaking out
there's something clearly wrong with me
I'm on medication I've quit drinking I'm
on diazepam ha ha ha it was getting
[ __ ] mental honestly I was scared
that something bad was gonna happen all
right I know this might seem irrelevant
I'm not trying to blame this on veganism
okay so first vlog I've ever made um
I've been nervous I've been going to a
partial hospitalization program and
today got a diagnosis back that I was a
sociopath that didn't really come as a
surprise to me I always knew what I was
but I hated the thought of other people
knowing so the major health issues okay
I kind of went [ __ ] mental right I
kind of went [ __ ] mental okay and we
can interpret this any way you like
because I'm still not convinced I'm not
sure exactly what it is because we hide
in plain sight all the time there's so
many of us but you never know at the
Atlantic beef products plant in Albany
workers process about 100 cattle a day
and there's a big focus on how animals
are treated before slaughter we want to
make sure that the animals that we do
bring in are treated very comfortably
that at the end of the day if they
they're gonna have one bad minute one
that day that all the time leading up to
that is as comfortable as possible
I've always suffered from anxiety okay
for the last since about 2011 okay the
first time I experienced anxiety was
from consuming cannabis I don't smoke
anymore cuz it makes me want to [ __ ]
kill myself if I consume it okay so
that's just the start of the story what
I'm saying is I've always suffered I've
had panic lots of panic attacks in my
life but only when I consumed cannabis
only okay and then since then I've
always suffered from minor anxiety
something [ __ ] snapped recently I you
know
bad things and I'm paying for it now and
I'm sure that this roads not over and
that I'm still on it and then seeing
that sucks about this road is there's no
way to turn off temple grandin visited
the plant last week she's famous and
livestock world for developing humane
practices and often noticing details
others don't something [ __ ] snapped
recently and I'm not blaming this on the
diet I'm not sure what it's to do with
ok that some people have an idea of ways
to deal with and I [ __ ] snapped us I
think sleep deprivation is what snapped
it I was on the night shift you know
nothing they can really help you this a
treatment can help you but up I'm going
to tell you that um I'm you know stuck
like this man and I'm sorry the Atlantic
beef plant already has a number of
design elements in place based on
Grandin's work including curved shoots
which allow cattle to move in a more
natural way and making sure all areas
are well-lit and free of distractions
that could frighten cattle and I start
just [ __ ] having like it's just
psychotic for dark thoughts I started
having like a severe panic attack severe
anxiety honestly I was tripping [ __ ]
bowls and please take into consideration
I was sleep deprived I'd been up about
24 hours no drugs no alcohol I'm sober
first time I've ever had full-blown
panic attack when I'm sober ok and that
was start off by the worst few weeks of
my life you know they say I've been
plenty of outpatient partial
hospitalization programs as you can't
I'm very young um but I've made my way
around them I'm so screwed up now I can
tell you now that they don't they don't
help you they don't understand they
don't give you any coping skill at all
to ever help you with anything that you
will ever need in life
now for people like you and me but
having Grandin's see the space in person
offered a fresh perspective she had a
look at everything she got down into the
various ramps and chutes that we use she
wants to see things from a cow's
perspective that's why she's famous for
and the fact that she was able to do
that led us to some some interesting
observations one of her observations
cattle might be bothered by direct light
in the stunning box so the only way I
knew of how to combat these panic
attacks or y4 was to consume alcohol
okay so from then on the last for about
three to three four weeks from then on I
was having panic attacks multiple times
every day okay and I was I became this
sounds [ __ ] mental I know I became
dependent on alcohol to combat the
anxiety I couldn't leave the house I
could barely look after my [ __ ] son I
was breaking down everyday the amount of
cried in the last month is [ __ ]
embarrassing
you know we're left to the dogs I
wouldn't want I wouldn't want to be
anybody else but me I wouldn't say I
like being sociopaths that I I wouldn't
want to be anything else she also
suggested a few other quick fixes to
reduce distractions like blocking a gap
and adding a second black curtain I was
like drunk breaking down crying having a
panic attacks were lasting for like one
hour two hour at a time it was getting
[ __ ] mental honestly I was scared
that something bad was gonna happen all
right I know this might seem irrelevant
I'm not trying to blame this on veganism
so eventually the missus called for help
I had to speak to a psychiatrist mental
health team multiple doctors okay
to make sure I wasn't gonna [ __ ]
commit suicide
they needed to understand what it was
and they seem to think I've had some
sort of like [ __ ] identity crisis I
see through people's lives I see through
that message I see who they are who they
really are
inside a lot of you guys who are
experiencing stuff like this and you
know you don't want to talk about it
keep silent they'll pay you for it he'll
nail you for it and they'll [ __ ] you
over every way they can't stay silent
keeping they can't help you no one can
you're stuck with this and I'm sorry man
I still have a bound to drive long
distance without [ __ ] freaking out
there's something clearly wrong with me
I'm on medication I've quit drinking I'm
on diazepam I know I'm providing a lot
of personal information here but I do
feel like you need to know so you can
clearly see I'm [ __ ] mental I'm
trying to find the right answer
I was worried my girlfriend was gonna
leave me because we met his vegans she
got with me because we're vegan like we
that was our thing yeah we live our
lives as vegans
she broke dives fish been [ __ ] crazy
you have no idea you have no idea you
have no idea been worse month of my life
really don't don't trust those providers
don't trust those those therapists those
some psych psychiatrists or they're all
out to get you you know they would
rather cover their own ass rather than
help you so make sure that you know that
and you bring that with you